helminthiasis nos
cellulitis nos
meningococcus contact
nonpyogenic meningitis
hyperpotassemia
bact arthritishand
papilledema nos
acute periodontitis
neartot imp/nearnormal
histoplasmosis endocard
soemmerings ring
acq equinovarus
filariasis nos
social phobia
confusional arousals
screenmycotic infect
poisoningbcg vaccine
excessive menstruation
pyogen arthritispelvis
malaria nos
suffocation nos
aerobacter enteritis
actv menierecochlvestib
rheumatism nos
soccer
croup
senile ectropion
epilepsydelivered
induced malaria
neutropenia nos
ataxia
lymphosarcoma pelvic
papyraceous fetusdeliv
oliguria  anuria
hydronephrosis
monteggias fxclosed
poispharmaceut excipien
localized adiposity
fall nos
prinzmetal angina
kaschinbeck disshlder
vaginal agenesis
hallux valgus
tympanoscltympanic memb
mild/nos preeclampp/p
gnathostomiasis
pseudopapilledema
syphilispostpartum
arthropathy noshand
poisantiallrg/antiemet
mechanical entropion
oligohydramniosantepar
vitreous degeneration
paranoid schizochronic
nonparalyt poliotype 
cervical rib
poisbenzodiazepine tran
prolong gestationinfant
one eyesevere/othunknw
myiasis
osteochondrit dissecans
claw hand
scrub typhus
underwater dive/snorkel
thrombocytopenia nos
loiasis
acc poisondisinfectants
salmonella arthritis
abnorm echoencephalogram
malariaantepartum
hyperparathyroidism nos
pathol dislocathand
hxsulfonamides allergy
dislocation ankleclosed
lipoma intraabdominal
histoplasmosis nec
mechanical ptosis
twin pregnancyantepart
gerstmnstrausschnk syn
conjunctival hemorrhage
cholangitis
reiter arthritispelvis
meningococcal meningitis
polyarthritis nosup/arm
coccidiosis
thyrotoxic exophthalmos
visual discomfort
machinery accpasngr
one eyemod/othblind
acute cystitis
lymphosarcoma abdom
face/brow presentdeliv
osteomyelitis nosl/leg
tuberculoid leprosy
dysenter arthritpelvis
screenbact conjunctivit
academic/work inhibition
infestation nos
lactation failantepart
blister finger
seborrhea capitis
abrasion hip/leginfect
rickettsiosis nos
hemangioma skin
galactosemia
arthropathy nosl/leg
hamartoses nec
poisantifungal antibiot
kidney disruptionopen
hxpenicillin allergy
liveborn nosnonhosp
joint painankle
screendiabetes mellitus
radioulnar synostosis
poisontranquilizer nec
lung lacerationopen
poisonco nec
trichomoniasis nec
orthopnea
poisantacid/antigastric
peroxisomal disorders
arthropathy necpelvis
loose bodyup/arm
smallpox nos
retroperitoneum injcl
dysmenorrhea
pyrophos crystmult
secondary/recur hemorr
salmonella meningitis
acute prostatitis
poisonsolid/liquid nec
primary hypotony
bact arthritisup/arm
chronic mastoiditis
cord prolapseantepartum
periapical abscess
tb pneumoniaunspec
maxillary hypoplasia
gingival recessmoderate
cervical spondylosis
water sliding
schizophrenic disremiss
broken toothuncomplic
assault nec
trans arthropathyl/leg
psorospermiasis
pigment epitheliopathy
conjunctival deposits
adhesive pericarditis
hypopyon
exercise machcardiorsp
hordeolum internum
chronc gingititisplaque
ehrlichiosis nos
poisoningantiasthmatics
testicular hyperfunction
idiopathic osteoporosis
choanal atresia
epidemic vertigo
headache
periostitis nec
hernia nos
rhabdomyolysis
erosiongeneralized
placenta previaunspec
renal colic
monkeypox
morbid obesity
skin donor
diabetesdelivered
vulval varices
simp schizsubchr/exacer
vincents angina
tuberous sclerosis
hxcong malformnervous
vaginal endometriosis
facial weakness
lownganonglevine synd
refereeing sports
climact arthritismult
urticaria nos
monoarthritis noshand
lipoma nos
sprain infraspinatus
scrnhemoglobinopath nec
recurrent pterygium
loose bodyankle
schizophrenia nossubchr
simpl schizophrenunspec
hemarthrosisl/leg
schizoaffectve disremis
assaultletter bomb
fracture patellaopen
ac osteomyelitishand
orthostatic hypotension
chondrodystrophy
drum/percussion playing
mucopolysaccharidosis
dysuria
general paresis
nb kernicterus
kidney disruptionclosed
villonod synovitpelvis
premature ejaculation
pruritus ani
delayed milestones
buttock contusion
cerebral edema
other hyperalimentation
intrauterine deathunsp
reentrant collpedest
coxa vara
ulcerative enterocolitis
one eyemoderate/othsev
acute petrositis
entropion nos
erysipelothrix infection
hypocalcem/hypomagnes nb
cystitis cystica
hallucinogen depepisod
alternating exotropia
exhaustionexcess exert
burning bedclothes
hallucinogen depcontin
hydrocele nec
abnormal feces
ulceroglandul tularemia
monocular exotropia
poisonspinal anesthetic
separation anxiety
vertical displaceteeth
subclavian aneurysm
dislocat patellaclosed
cannabis abuseunspec
trans arthropathyunspec
maternal distressunspec
hepatitis nos
amniotic infectantepart
ltfordates g
puerperal sepsisunsp
breech presentantepart
ankylosisjoint nec
suppr lactationpostpart
intussusception
shigella flexneri
bartters syndrome
impacted cerumen
retrovert uterusunspec
tracheostomy status
poisantineop antibiotic
amyloidosis nec
conjunctivitis nec
peripartum cardantepart
schizophrenia nosremiss
kidney hematomaopen
breast engorgepostpart
posttransfusion purpura
polyarthritis nosmult
tritan defect
disloc carpometacarpcl
terrorism nec/nos
infant botulism
rh isoimmunizationunsp
syphilitic encephalitis
pellagra
zoophilia
simple buphthalmos
hxprostatic malignancy
tetanus
contact blepharoconjunct
poisoningoxytocic agent
tachypnea
villonod synovitshlder
beriberi
familial polycythemia
chr osteomyelitforearm
fracture nosopen
thrombophlebitis nec
keratitis nos
terrorism secondary
pulm complicatpostpart
rosacea conjunctivitis
grand multiparityantepa
terrorism fires
dysphonia
cannabis abuseepisodic
simpl schizophrensubchr
acc poisoncarbamates
respiratory arrest
legal execution
sprain sacrotuberous
allergy unspecified
sprain metatarsophalang
reiter arthritisl/leg
aglossia
trans arthropathforearm
esophoria
tuberculosisantepartum
pingueculitis
cicatricial entropion
skin/sensitization tests
pulmonary actinomycosis
general osteoarthrosis
osteoporosis nec
poisoningcoagulants
assaultfire
lung contusionopen
varicose vulvadelivered
acc poisonparaldehyde
meningococc arthropathy
polyhydramniosantepart
dysenter arthritup/arm
diabetespostpartum
unstable lieunspecified
other psoriasis
cyclotropia
osteoarthros nosforearm
acc poisoningmercury
hemarthrosishand
spermatocele
bacteriuria pregunspec
vivax malaria
twin pregnancydelivered
amniotic embolismdeliv
endophthalmitis nec
peritonitis nec
postmastoid granulations
spastic entropion
chronic pancreatitis
urethral calculus
osteitis condensans
traum arthropathyunspec
hemangioma nec
hyperchylomicronemia
gonococcal conjunctivit
streptobacillary fever
chalazion
shoulder dystociaantepa
detergent dermatitis
obesityantepartum
disloc metacarpalclosed
trachoma nos
malloryweiss syndrome
memory loss
hepatic encephalopathy
chondroectoderm dysplas
tinea nigra
anisometropia
lung lacerationclosed
trichostrongyliasis
malposition necantepart
abn findingssaliva
triplet pregnancyunspec
poisoningvitamin k
postvaccination fever
ac salpingooophoritis
rickettsioses nec
corneal anesthesia
poisonantirheumatic nec
postvoid dribbling
shock nos
infertilpituitary orig
traum hemothoraxopen
optic papillitis
retracted nippledeliver
poisoningglutethimide
cervical incompetdeliv
paralytic lagophthalmos
disl tarsometatarsalopn
orofacial dyskinesia
monoarthritis nospelvis
heart contusionopen
galactorrhea pregunspec
lymphocytosissymptomatc
histoplasmosis pneumonia
amniotic infectiondeliv
atheroembolismlower ext
instrumnt failendoscopy
viral arthritisforearm
liver donor
disaccharidase def/malab
kaschinbeck disankle
schizoaff dissubch/exac
legal interventgas
alzheimers disease
expsure keratoconjunctiv
poisoningplague vaccine
japanese encephalitis
lipidoses
gonococcal iridocyclitis
alternating hyperphoria
bone disorderdelivered
disloc radiocarpalopen
takotsubo syndrome
poisonrabies vaccine
chr salpingooophoritis
chronic parametritis
submers neccrew
polio osteopathyhand
mixed incontinence
fracture calcaneusopen
solar retinopathy
kaschinbeck disl/leg
irregular astigmatism
oral aphthae
reentrant collmotcycl
cyst pharynx/nasopharynx
poisoningsaluretics
nursemaids elbow
acc poisonantidepressnt
aneurysm nos
ac osteomyelitisunspec
gb cholesterolosis
mycotic arthritisshlder
vitelliform dystrophy
immersion foot
schizophrenia noschr
remove/insert iud
poisoningantidotes nec
blister headinfected
sev preeclamppostpartum
pulpitis
periostitispelvis
polydactyly fingers
excess attritionenamel
traum arthropathforearm
acute esophagitis
barotrauma otitic
observsuspect tb
aneurysm nec
viral arthritisshlder
pars planitis
mononeuritis nos
poisonanalgesics
mycotic arthritismult
lymphosarcoma axilla
polyarteritis nodosa
renovasc hypertension
laryngeal web
poisonintraven anesthet
breast engorgeantepart
subserous leiomyoma
sirs nos
cholesteatoma nos
fx malar/maxillaryclose
traum hemothoraxclosed
thrombophlebitpostpart
abnormal vulvaantepart
schizophrenia necsubchr
retinoph prematrstage 
poiserythromyc/macrolid
catatoniachr/exacerb
acc poisonherbicides
postconcussion syndrome
arthus phenomenon
varicose vulvapostpart
hypermature cataract
bmi adult
postpart carelactation
climact arthritisunspec
volleyball beachcourt
lymphocytic choriomening
duodenum injuryopen
cor triatriatum
mastitisdelivered
actinomycosis nec
poisantiinfect nec/nos
perforation gallbladder
joint painunspec
arthropathy necup/arm
tuberculosis contact
grass drills
praderwilli syndrome
legionnaires disease
hidradenitis
obesity nos
opisthorchiasis
acute parametritis
anesth complpostpartum
paraplegia nos
transsexual homosexual
superfic phlebitisleg
visceral leishmaniasis
cervical auricle
transsex heterosexual
herpangina
filariasis nec
edwards syndrome
perinat jaundhemolysis
hemochromatosis nec
renal dysplasia
mitral/aortic stenosis
accident nos
thrombophlebitisdeliver
tinea blanca
cortex laceratconcuss
pataus syndrome
australian encephalitis
polycystic ovaries
traum arthropathyup/arm
hxlaryngeal malignancy
hypertens nosdelivered
loose bodypelvis
cellulitis/abscess mouth
ac osteomyelitisforearm
periodic paralysis
trans arthropathyhand
rubeosis iridis
excess attritionlocal
fx pisiformopen
glossodynia
goniosynechiae
sprain tarsometatarsal
assaultcutting instr
siderosis
inlet contractionunspec
microstomia
objective tinnitus
esophageal reflux
spirillary fever
hxantiinfect allergy
delusional disorder
dislocat midcarpalopen
mediastinitis
reactionunsp devic/grft
ulcertve prctosigmoidtis
staphylococc enteritis
adjust reactwithdrawal
azoospermia
nuclear cataract
measles uncomplicated
osteoarthros nospelvis
arthropathy nosunspec
hypermobility syndrome
bacteremia
undeterm poispsychotrop
family hxasthma
aphakia
pterygium nos
poisanticold drugs
centipede bite
fb shoulder/arminfect
aircraft accparachutist
arthropathy necshlder
puerp pyrexiapostpartum
hemarthrosispelvis
cracked nippledelivered
lumbosacral spondylosis
pyrophosph crystl/leg
diffuse cholesteatosis
palindrom rheuml/leg
tympanosclerall parts
edema pharynx/nasopharyx
serratia septicemia
spasmodic torticollis
plague nos
triplet pregantepartum
psychogenic dysuria
common truncus
diphtheria nec
calisthenics
sedhypanxiolytc abepi
neurofibromatosis nec
thrombophlebitis nos
sprain supraspinatus
injurysite nos
cosmetic dermatitis
injurystrang/suff nec
retinoph prematrstage 
olecranon bursitis
hydrops fetalisisoimm
abrasion hand
syphilit chorioretinitis
phobia nos
ritters disease
recur dislocatup/arm
one eyemoderate/othnos
mental disorderdeliver
peritoneum injuryclosed
amphetamin dependremiss
urethral diverticulum
flat foot
pulmonary collapse
clonorchiasis
terrorismdest aircraft
pure hypercholesterolem
hemarthrosisjt nec
fx larynx/tracheaopen
disability examination
dysenter arthritforearm
thrombosis necantepart
drowning/nonfatal submer
lat schizophrenremiss
premenopause menorrhagia
opioid abusecontinuous
urethral abscess
climact arthritisshlder
abrasionlocalized
sprain acromioclavicular
mumps hepatitis
schistosoma haematobium
syphilisdelivered
running
concussionmoderate coma
speechlanguage therapy
thrombosis necpostpart
syphilisantepartum
ltfordates g
pigmentary glaucoma
pseudobulbar palsy
disloc tarsometatarscl
stiffman syndrome
ac gingivitisnonplaque
colles fractureopen
prepatellar bursitis
poisonantivaricose drug
amniotic embolantepart
emphysema nec
pyrophosph crysthand
congen bronchiectasis
allerg arthritishand
neutropenia nec
anemiaantepartum
drug dependenceantepart
hemoptysis nos
downs syndrome
endometriosis nos
postabortion hemorrhage
rhodesian trypanosomias
enteric tularemia
mastitisantepartum
postcholecystectomy synd
behcet arthritismult
polymyalgia rheumatica
poisonexhaust gas
abrasion trunk
pubertal menorrhagia
orthoptic training
trans hypertenpostpart
conns syndrome
fx metatarsalclosed
opioid abuseepisodic
galactorrheapostpartum
acute nasopharyngitis
pectus carinatum
quadruplet pregdeliver
cystocele lateral
salmonella septicemia
rickettsial encephalitis
bmipediatric   
suberosis
tachycardia nos
one eyesevere/othnorm
spottingantepartum
disrupt perineumunspec
epilepsyunspecified
fetal distressunspec
emancipation disorder
abrasiongeneralized
retinal hemorrhage
idiopathic scoliosis
mycotic arthritisup/arm
varicella uncomplicated
taeniasis nos
eosinophilic colitis
eclampsiapostpartum
family dsrptestrangmemt
intracerebral hemorrhage
perin hematomapostpart
hypoxemia
sprain sternoclavicular
poisonhydantoin derivat
poisoningenzymes nec
choleperitonitis
joint effusionforearm
histoplasmosis retinitis
fallocc spacecraft
idiopathic myocarditis
blepharoconjunctivit nos
rat bite
toxic myocarditis
achlorhydria
medial epicondylitis
fascioliasis
erythema infectiosum
wanderingdis elsewhere
hemoglobinuria
injurycut instrument
obstruct/fet malposunsp
haradas disease
keratomalacia nos
lordosis nec
tabes dorsalis
thrombosis necdelivered
ltfordates g
spleen hematomaclosed
purpura nos
disloc radiocarpalclos
postsurg hypoinsulinemia
hypertens nosantepartum
bacteroides fragilis
mandibular hypoplasia
sunburn
syphilitic peritonitis
ulcerative blepharitis
schizoaffective dischr
coma
arthropathy necforearm
fetopel dispropantepart
poisoningovarian hormon
stevensjohnson syndrome
blister forearminfected
cough
poissedative/hypnot nos
retained tooth
bicornuate uterus
cystitis nos
suffocation nec
depersonalization disord
congenital rubella
endocarditis nec
alcohol abusecontinuous
anemia nos
helminth arthritup/arm
water/watercraft
posterior synechiae
erosionlocalized
team sportsathletes
keratoconjunctivitis nec
fracture patellaclosed
disseminated candidiasis
tb meningitisunspec
unsocial unaggrsevere
joint painforearm
poliomyelitis contact
rumination disorder
pyeloureteritis cystica
candidal esophagitis
exophthalmos nos
otosclerosis nec
feeding problem
war injtorpedo
postlaminectomy lordosis
retinal telangiectasia
amniotic embolpostpart
appendicovesicos status
terrorism biologicals
dissociative amnesia
bmi adult
heredit hemochromatosis
metabolic cardiomyopathy
pyrophosph crystforearm
circadian rhythmjetlag
leprosy nec
hallucinog abusecontin
orbital cellulitis
panhypopituitarism
monoarthritis nosl/leg
placental polyppostpart
erosion nos
schizo necsubchr/exacer
hallucinogen depunspec
poisoningacidifying agt
abrasiondentine
irritability
macrodactylia fingers
pneumococcal septicemia
bovine stomatitis
prophylactic isolation
hair transplant
periostitishand
mesenteric lymphadenitis
injuryexplosives
symblepharon
acne nec
poisoningbarbiturates
sedhypanxiolytc abcon
bact arthritisforearm
assaulthot liquid
one eyesevere/othnos
septic myocarditis
seborrhea
implantation cysts
amputation thumb
assaultsubmersion
joint effusionunspec
tb peritonitisunspec
chronic petrositis
brucellosis nec
conversion disorder
contaminated injection
ainhum
celiac disease
contusion periocular
dacryocystitis nos
intramural leiomyoma
hxesophageal malignancy
bereavement uncomplicat
encephalitis nos
backache nos
bmi adult
urinary hesitancy
bells palsy
chondromalacia patellae
lumbosacr spondylolysis
secondary polycythemia
instantaneous death
senile delusion
gen osteoarthroshand
chromoblastomycosis
constipation nos
cystocele midline
other vdantepartum
fetal hematologicunspec
unsocial aggressionmod
ileostomy status
postherpes polyneuropath
alopecia areata
infect nippledelivered
acc poisonsalicylates
refractive amblyopia
talipes calcaneovalgus
cryptosporidiosis
atrophy mandiblemodrate
angioneurotic edema
malayan filariasis
squamous blepharitis
aortic atresia/stenosis
toxic gastroenteritis
gonorrheadelivered
infertilcervical orig
gastroschisis
gingival recessgeneral
poisantihyperten agent
coccidioidal meningitis
bact arthritismult
vascular myelopathies
tubrclma meningesunspec
hemarthrosisunspec
borderline personality
rectocele
rape
poiseye antiinfec/drug
drug withdrawal
dermatitis herpetiformis
maxillary asymmetry
thirdstage hempostpart
air embolism
acc poisonantirheumatic
pneumocystosis
polyarthritis nosankle
peritoneal adhesions
acc poisonheroin
hematoma auricle/pinna
blackwater fever
terrorism firearms
tb bronchiectasisunspec
diphtheritic myocarditis
sexual masochism
boutonniere deformity
mumps polyneuropathy
traum pneumohemothorcl
periodontosis
dermatitis nec
abo isoimmunizatantepar
poisoningdietetics
hypermetropia
renal hypertenantepart
furniture build/finish
dermatophyt scalp/beard
capillariasis
acc poisonfungicides
mvtrain collmotorcycl
rubella contact
convergence excess
pyogen arthritismult
complcationinsulin pump
hxtesticular malignancy
cyanosis
acoustic trauma
helminth arthritl/leg
retrograde ejaculation
myelophthisis
outlet contractantepart
sprain carpometacarpal
neonatal thrombocytopen
one eyemod/otherunknwn
screeningchromosom anom
reiter arthritismult
nervousness
poisoningtetracycline
filamentary keratitis
urge incontinence
simpl schizochr/exacerb
reticulosarcoma mult
transv/obliq lieunspec
pinta nos
functional diarrhea
other quadriplegia
lymphangioleiomyomatosis
atherosclerosis nec
contusion face/scalp/nck
hypovolemia
retroperitoneum injopen
oligospermia
poisoningantimalarials
catatoniaremission
vitreous prolapse
ltfordates g
abrasion nos
ankylosislower/leg
economic problem
subjective tinnitus
enuresis
trans arthropathyup/arm
pneumococcal peritonitis
louseborne typhus
visuospatial deficit
scleritis nec
chronic pharyngitis
assaultantiperson bomb
solvent dermatitis
hypertrophy tonsils
hxnutrition deficiency
craniofacialorbit defor
assaultexplosive nos
opioid/other depunspec
injuryelectrocution
dysenter arthritshlder
neurosyphilis nos
ancylostoma ceylanicum
syphilitic hepatitis
infected hydrocele
injuryhandgun
allerg arthritisshlder
abn glucoseantepartum
pyrophosph crystup/arm
gu infectiondelivered
meningococc endocarditis
water aerobics/exercise
mumps uncomplicated
polyuria
cheerleading
postsurgical hypothyroid
meningococc encephalitis
gastrointestinal anthrax
poisanalges/antipyr nos
accommodative esotropia
reiter arthritishand
concussion nos
acute cholecystitis
accidentpaintball gun
lacrimal fistula
cerebrovasc disantepart
mitral stenosis
carcinoid syndrome
postop shockcardiogenic
sarcosporidiosis
scrotal varices
syphilitic periostitis
nystagmus nec
sclerosing mesenteritis
infestation nec
radicular cyst
schizo noschr/exacerb
barotrauma sinus
hemochromatosrbc trans
pyogenic granuloma
sexual sadism
hypertension nos
poisoningexpectorants
fx bimalleolaropen
amphetamine abuseremiss
zygomycosis
hyphema
dog bite
serous conjunctivitis
bact arthritisunspec
screenalphafetoprotein
hydrocephal fetusunspec
mononeuritis multiplex
latent schizochr/exacer
rh isoimmunizatdeliver
undetermin circhanging
mottled teeth
radiation kyphosis
postmastect lymphedema
oligohydramniosdeliver
w/crft explosnmilitary
candidal vulvovaginitis
allerg arthritisup/arm
abrasion necinfected
poisoningsympatholytics
disfigurement neck/trunk
contact/exposure arsenic
amputation thumbcompl
aftercataract nec
ice skating
tension headache
hxnose/ear/sinus malig
torticollis nos
picks disease
deep dermatophytosis
defibrination syndrome
one eyesev/othprfnd
probhead/neck/trunk nec
pyogen arthritisunspec
anal fissure
gingival recessionlocal
outlet contractiondeliv
lipodystrophy
auditory recruitment
abrasion forearm
pallor
mumps orchitis
psoriatic arthropathy
arcuate uterus
poisemol/demul/protect
colostomy status
hallucinog abuseremiss
short cordunspecified
blastomycosis
neuralgic amyotrophy
microcystoid degenerat
chronic tonsilsadenoids
achalasia  cardiospasm
rh isoimmunizatantepart
blister forearm
fasciolopsiasis
surfwindsrfboogie brd
osteomyelitis nosankle
ankylosispelvis
urethral hypermobility
hepatomegaly
sprain iliofemoral
constant exophthalmos
cyclosporiasis
screeningpulmonary tb
screenschistosomiasis
wiskottaldrich syndrome
dentl cariespit/fissure
hemarthrosisforearm
tietzes disease
osteomyelitis nospelvis
uterine tumorantepartum
strongyloidiasis
subarach hemconcussion
aortic atherosclerosis
climact arthritisankle
splenomegaly
kugelbergwelander dis
orthotic training
druginduced delirium
chronic pneumothorax
ancylostoma braziliense
urethral instability
pseudopterygium
legal interventexplosiv
pituitary dwarfism
blister necinfected
bmi adult
convalescence nos
pedophilia
pylorospasm
reticulosarcoma pelvic
relationship problems
accident nec
uterovag prolapscomplet
severe preeclampunspec
stevensjohnsonten syn
hypersecretion glaucoma
intrauterine synechiae
macular keratitis
hemarthrosismult jts
acute bronchospasm
conjunctival xerosis
hemarthrosisup/arm
prescriporal contracept
precordial pain
varicella pneumonitis
sec hyperparathyrdrenal
ear piercing
insomnia nos
fecal impaction
thrombophleb pregunspec
fx trimalleolaropen
candidal meningitis
gonococcal keratosis
machine accidentswim
deutan defect
galactorrheaantepartum
impetigo herpetiformis
leukemoid reaction
thrush
dendritic keratitis
gastric/duodenal fistula
mastodynia
drug dependencepostpart
allerg rhinitiscat/dog
ac osteomyelitispelvis
vitreous membranes
hydromyelia
amblyopia nos
recur dislocatunspec
alcohol abuseepisodic
aerobicstep exercise
neurasthenia
rugby
screendevelopment prob
shigella dysenteriae
syphilitic adenopathy
iliac thrombophlebitis
poisoningandrogens
ebsteins anomaly
toxic maculopathy
acrocephalosyndactyly
rubelladelivered
assaultpoisoning nos
tracheoesophageal fstula
poisloc astring/deterg
disloc metatarsophalopn
streptococcal meningitis
anal fistula
cryptococcosis
injurycaustic substance
listeriosis
hxperinatal problems
poisoningheroin
other lymphedema
meconium staining
malariadelivered
demoralization  apathy
syphilitic keratitis
poisonliver/antianemics
visible peristalsis
bursitis nec
plantar fibromatosis
parapharyngeal abscess
toxoplasma pneumonitis
gastroptosis
grand multiparitydeliv
poisoningdigestants
palindrom rheumunspec
periostitisup/arm
trichomonal vaginitis
dermatitis metals
talipes equinovarus
galactorrheanonobstet
amyotrophic sclerosis
allescheriosis
pharyngoconjunct fever
disuse osteoporosis
watercraft explosswim
introverted personality
hyperaldosteronism nos
narcissistic personality
phlebotomus fever
unsocial unaggressmild
vasa previaantepartum
monoarthrit nosforearm
mvtrain collpedest
watercraft explospasngr
asphyxiation/strangulat
cardiac tamponade
parvovirus b
malposition nosdeliver
loose bodyunspec
fibromatoses nec
chf nos
ltfordates g
chronic cholecystitis
poisonent preparation
reiter arthritisup/arm
cervical duplication
cerv incompetantepartum
poispoliomyelit vaccine
transsexualism nos
ami anterolateralunspec
pneumoconiosis nos
toxic myelitis
tuberculoma brainunspec
piano playing
ext constrictionhair
mycotic arthritisunspec
vitreous anomalies
teething syndrome
duanes syndrome
gonorrhea carrier
proteinuria
protozoal encephalitis
infect nospostpartum
generalized pain
antidepress abuseepisod
catscratch disease
kuru
disloca midcarpalclosed
handgun accident
hypertens nospostpartum
blister hand
rectum injuryclosed
abrasionpulp
pulsating exophthalmos
alternating esotropia
one eyesevere/othtotal
lymphosarcoma inguin
nb hypoxia
abn reactanastom/graft
behav insomniachildhood
family hxanemia
hemoperitoneum
retinoph prematrstage 
poisanalges/antipyr nec
outlet contractionunsp
pyromania
exophthalm ophthalmopleg
cannabis abusecontin
madura foot
cong elevationscapula
breast engorgeunspec
polyhydramniosdelivered
groom/shearing animal
thalassemia unspecified
postprocedural fever
duodenum injuryclosed
poisonpiped gas
neurogenic bladder
colic
neoplasm nos
typhoid fever
abo isoimmunizationunsp
dysphagia nos
face/brow presentunspec
intrauter deathdeliver
aqueous misdirection
climact arthritispelvis
spacecraft accoccupant
homonymous hemianopsia
disproportion necdeliv
dancingrhythm movements
blister shoulder/arminf
hypotension nos
swanneck deformity
bowling
essen hypertenantepart
sicklecell trait
atrophy maxillasevere
esophageal leukoplakia
cortical blindness
legal circumstances
keratoconjunctivit sicca
joint effusionup/arm
behcet arthritisunspec
periprosthetc osteolysis
deliversingle liveborn
dislocat coccyxopen
mittelschmerz
poisontyphus vaccine
assaultfirearm nec
ancylostoma duodenale
joint painup/arm
rowcanoekaykrafttube
screeningpoliomyelitis
jumping rope
mycotic mycetomas
acc poisnanticonvulsant
bronchus injuryopen
farmers lung
adhesion tympanumincus
macrogenia
fetalmaternal hemunsp
carbuncle nos
opioid dependenceunspec
otorrhea nec
synovitis nec
wheezing
pulmonary anthrax
iatrogenic thyroiditis
atrophy mandibleminimal
pathol dislocatpelvis
cochlear otosclerosis
ehrlichiosis nec
adj disemotion/conduct
rubellapostpartum
persistent hypersomnia
occupational bursitis
schizoaffectv dissubchr
jt contracturel/leg
bmi adult
kaschinbeck disup/arm
brucella abortus
klippelfeil syndrome
peritoneum injuryopen
esophageal stricture
monoarthritis nosunspec
reticulosarcoma spleen
allerg arthritisforearm
granuloma inguinale
malignant ascites
privation nos
arthropathy necmult
sepsis
injuryscald
hypersomnia nos
endodontic underfill
acc poisonrodenticides
rabies
opioid dependenceremiss
child neglectnutrition
poisoningpyrazole deriv
congenital quadriplegia
cracked nippleantepart
chronic dacryoadenitis
lordosis nos
knitting  crocheting
hxendocr/meta/immun dis
hypopotassemia
screenphenylketonuria
ankylosisforearm
hxpeanut allergy
hirsutism
prolapsed armunspec
poisbutyrophenone tranq
malignant hypertension
cervicofac actinomycosis
chondrocalcin nosup/arm
ingrowing nail
fx astragalusclosed
allergic urticaria
mallet finger
yaws nos
catatoniasubchr/exacerb
reticulosarcoma inguin
arthropathy necunspec
joint effusionhand
psychosis nos
radiotherapy followup
acetonuria
short cordantepartum
bladder exstrophy
breast engorgedelivered
periostitisunspec
accessory muscle
preauricular sinus/fistu
childhd disintegrresid
abrasion forearminfect
pseudomonas enteritis
other streptococcus
elev transaminase/ldh
recurrent hypersomnia
corneal pannus
panophthalmitis
imperforate hymen
nystagmus nos
retract nipplepostpart
scleritis nos
metagonimiasis
coagulation defunspec
illegitimate pregnancy
cicatricial ectropion
peritonsillar abscess
kissing spine
syphilitic iridocyclitis
sedhypanxiolyt depcon
plicated tongue
chr osteomyelitankle
premature menopause
acc poisonshellfish
essen hypertenpostpart
choledocholithiasis nos
kaschinbeck disunspec
osteoporosis nos
pyogen arthritisshlder
hallux malleus
smallpox contact
lymphosarcoma thorax
gingival recessminimal
flat retinoschisis
sportsathletics nec
spleen disruptionopen
surg complheart
vibratory urticaria
peripartum cardiomydel
submers necdocker
chondrocalcin nosunspec
cocaine dependcontin
poisoningalkalizing agt
goiter nos
submucous leiomyoma
microscopic hematuria
dependent personality
clostridium perfringens
emotional lability
ocular torticollis
surgical convalescence
cocaine abuseunspec
hypoparathyroidism
mature cataract
lymphogranuloma venereum
path resorptionexternal
poisemollient cathartic
edema
anaerobic meningitis
spontaneous ecchymoses
motion sickness
cortical cataract
disloc acromioclaviccl
eosinophilic gastroent
macroglobulinemia
hymenolepiasis
circumscribe scleroderma
pilates
adhesns/ankylosis  tmj
hypotropia
referralno exam/treat
geographic tongue
pulmonary mycobacteria
mumps encephalitis
retrovert uterantepart
pelvic varices
cornea donor
osteoarthros nosshlder
eczema herpeticum
fecal smearing
other esophagitis
acc poisnanticholinerg
mineralcorticoid defcnt
allerg arthritisankle
surfcetopic/infilt anes
postcoital bleeding
caregivingbathing
epidemic pleurodynia
anemiapostpartum
renal agenesis
acc poisonhormones
sprain calcaneofibular
undeterm circelectrocut
mismatch bloodtransfusn
microgenia
vasa previaunspecified
leptospiros icterohem
behcet arthritisshlder
toxic encephalopathy
fum/vapor bronc/pneumon
arthropathy nechand
chondrocalcin nosankle
actinomycosis nos
lactation failunspec
neutropenic splenomegaly
artificial insemination
retained quills/spines
opioid dependencecontin
watercraft exploscrew
dislocat sacrumclosed
orbital hemorrhage
osteogenesis imperfecta
simpl schizophrenremiss
lymphocytopenia
transient insomnia
examclincal trial
hypercalcemia
building  construction
polyarthritis noshand
iatrogenic pneumothorax
viral arthritisup/arm
gambian trypanosomiasis
allerg arthritispelvis
aftercare nos
hypervitaminosis a
amputation fingercompl
asymptomat neurosyphilis
hypersplenism
neartotal impair/normal
poisoningchloral hydrat
hallux varus
adherent leucoma
schizo dissubchr/exacer
essen hypertendelivered
hidden penis
primary atelectasis
instrmnt failcatheteriz
multiple papillomata
endodontic overfill
dyshidrosis
suffocationplastic bag
abrasion handinfected
family hxstroke
postlaminect syndcerv
leptospiral meningitis
q fever
persist occiptpostdeliv
floor mopping/cleaning
herpetic whitlow
hallucinogen depremiss
compgenitourin dev/grft
nonparalyt poliotype 
poisonpsychotropic agt
poisoningbromine compnd
unsocial unaggressmod
babesiosis
rheumatic pneumonia
helminth arthritmult
vogtkoyanagi syndrome
heat syncope
osteomyelit nosforearm
hypertensive retinopathy
viral labyrinthitis
ancylostomiasis nos
undeterm circexplosive
larynx replacement
hemophagocytic syndromes
pemphigus
microphthalmos nos
mountainrock/wall climb
syphilitic pericarditis
mandibular hyperplasia
amphetamine abuseunspec
sprain sacroiliac
trans arthropathyankle
abnormal vep
cystitis nec
hypercementosis
decreased libido
chr osteomyelithand
chr gingivitisnonplaque
amphetamin dependunspec
sialolithiasis
klebsiella pneumoniae
arthralgia tmj
adjust neuropacemaker
ancylostoma nec
glycosuria
pyoderma nos
dehydration
palindrom rheumankle
impetigo
rhinoscleroma
longterm antiinflamtry
sideroblastic anemia
trans arthropathypelvis
myocardial degeneration
hxcong malformheart
alcohol withdrawal
hordeolum externum
disl metatarsophalangcl
palindrom rheumforearm
poisoningantibiotic nos
observwork accident
hxcontact/exposure lead
chr osteomyelitup/arm
computer keyboarding
diaphragm injuryopen
fx pisiformclosed
mild hyperemesisantepar
retinal varices
adenoid vegetations
thoracogenic scoliosis
war injurypellets
hxcong malformskinms
sciatica
sewing
hxhypospadias
insuf interoccluslteeth
recur dislocatankle
aniseikonia
suppr lactationdeliver
dysenter arthritunspec
prev cdeliverydelivrd
precipitate labordeliv
tb esophagusunspec
matern hypotensantepar
psychogenic vomiting
presenile depression
acc poisnpsychstimulant
tubal endometriosis
hemarthrosisshlder
toxoplasm chorioretinit
aftercataract nos
cord prolapseunspec
poisonarsenic
cannabis dependcontin
homicidal ideation
congenital hypothyroidsm
latent schizophrenunsp
exposure nec
golf
acc poisonmushrooms
sprain coracoclavicular
unsocial unaggressunsp
talipes cavus
caisson disease
reiters disease
hyperosmolality
cryptophthalmos
amphetamin dependcontin
medulloadrenal hyperfunc
acc poisonhallucinogens
conjunctival cysts
obsessivecompulsive dis
helminth arthrithand
echinococcosis nec/nos
bordetella pertussis
sacroiliitis nec
undeterm poisbarbiturat
dermatomycosis nos
substance abusefamily
hiccough
esotropia nos
glaucomatocyclit crises
acc poisonadrenergics
presenile dementia
pseudomonas septicemia
traum arthropathyl/leg
antidepress abuseremiss
atherosclerosis nos
hepatic infarction
pois serotn/norepinephrn
choledochlith/gb necobs
academic underachievment
gangrene
irradiation cystitis
pancreat cyst/pseudocyst
keratoconus stable
persist occiptpostantep
vomiting alone
intertrochanteric fxopn
submers necswimmer
quadriplegia unspecifd
boiler explosion
creutzfldtjakob nec/nos
hang gliding
jt contracturepelvis
hxanesthetic allergy
paranoid schizounspec
human papillomavirus
raynauds syndrome
spina bifida
pouchitis
poisoningparathyroids
jt contractureforearm
chorea nec
alopecia nec
injuryshotgun
matern distressantepar
heart contusionclosed
salmonella osteomyelitis
poisoninsulin/antidiab
cervical shorteningdel
polycythemia neonatorum
poisoningsalicylates
buddchiari syndrome
mucocutan leishmaniasis
civilian activityincome
synovitis nos
pushupspullupssitup
submersion necmilitary
injuryfirearm nec
lateral epicondylitis
infantile hemiplegia
pyrophosph crystunspec
paragonimiasis
ganglion nos
no proc/contraindication
reticulosarcoma abdom
myogenic ptosis
caregiving nec
gonococcal keratitis
monteggias fxopen
hematemesis
cytomegaloviral disease
vitreoretinal dystrophy
poisoningiron/compounds
pyogen arthritisup/arm
watercraft explosdocker
myoclonus
cocaine abusecontinuous
other vddelivered
reticulosarcoma axilla
ami inferolateralsubseq
transv/obliq lieantepar
fracture calcaneusclose
dislocat coccyxclosed
cannabis dependepisodic
bmi  adult
excess attritiongeneral
abo isoimmunizatdeliver
spina bifidacerv
dysenter arthritankle
congenital ureterocele
hypogammaglobulinem nos
cubitus varus
poisoningcathartic nec
feltys syndrome
acariasis nos
ankylosishand
kaschinbeck dispelvis
prostatic congest/hemorr
reiter arthritisforearm
ectropion nos
bmi adult
lipoma intrathoracic
osteoarthros nosup/arm
sprain nos
breast abscessantepart
contaminated transfusion
hxcong malformeyeface
senile depressive
vitreous abscess
wound botulism
faucial diphtheria
lightfordates g
dracontiasis
bone disorderantepartum
rubella encephalitis
normal delivery
inlet contractantepart
urethritis nec
placenta previadeliver
hxlatex allergy
acute pharyngitis
poisoningcholera vaccin
reticulosarcoma thorax
thyroid dysfuncantepart
one eyeprofound/othtot
poisoningantilipemics
breast abscesspostpart
polyarthritis nosunspec
acariasis nec
screenneoplasm nos
recur dislocatshlder
infective myositis
amputation finger
mrsa elsewhere/nos
bmi adult
hirudiniasis
brucella melitensis
individ sportsathletics
ovarian endometriosis
cutaneous mycobacteria
congenital chordee
schwannomatosis
sprain radiohumeral
disproportion nosunspec
congenital anemia
mycotic arthritispelvis
systemic sclerosis
gardening/landscaping
trigger finger
fireworks accident
anthrax septicemia
asbestosis
polyarthritis nospelvis
polyphagia
continuous leakage
obesityunspecified
poisirritant cathartics
histoplasmosis nos
fx larynx/tracheaclosed
chondrocalcin nosshlder
fx astragalusopen
hiv counseling
monoarthritis nosshlder
necrobacillosis
uterine tumorpostpartum
neonatal thyrotoxicosis
keratoderma acquired
polydipsia
uterine prolapse
cooking  baking
intrauter deathantepart
fracture acetabulumclos
quadruplet pregunspec
aggres periodontitisloc
mixed hyperlipidemia
poissedative/hypnot nec
atrophic vaginitis
hyperpigmentation lid
leukocytosis nos
grand multiparity
dengue
reiter arthritisankle
cong macroglossia
epidem keratoconjunctiv
thrombocytopathy
poisparasympatholytics
reticulosarcoma head
acc poisoningantimony
contact drmatitisanimal
injuryfirearm/expl nos
traum pneumohemothoropn
hxvaccine allergy
undet poiscorros/caust
viral arthritisankle
heterotropia nos
postauricular fistula
spastic ectropion
climact arthritforearm
recur dislocathand
poisonbarbiturates
hxven thrombosis/embols
hemorr/infarc thyroid
placenta previaantepart
cholera carrier
poisonchloramphenicol
opioid abuseunspec
breech presentatunspec
aspergillosis
autoimmune hepatitis
neuritisdelivered
heart lacerationclosed
hxlymphosarcoma
amputation toecomplicat
coxa valga
spleen hematomaopen
prolonged pregunsp
assaulthunting rifle
vascular dementiauncomp
assaultexplosive nec
unstable lieantepartum
screentrypanosomiasis
contusion nos
urethrocele
fx malar/maxillaryopen
fever nos
dyshormonogenic goiter
suicidal ideation
sedhypanxiolytc abrem
ventricular fibrillation
cutaneous anthrax
antidepress abuseunspec
corneal abscess
peritonitis nos
poiscephalosporin group
subdural hemconcussion
twin gestdich/diamniotc
malignant hyperthermia
hypocalcemia
matern distresspostpart
abrasion shoulder/arm
bmipediatric   
poisoningantitussives
retrovert uterpostpart
contamination nec
war injurygas/fum/chem
heat cramps
congenital torticollis
allerg arthritisunspec
horizontl displaceteeth
baseball
syringomyelia
retinal ischemia
mastoiditis nos
heart lacerationopen
chronic meningitis
intestinal fistula
invers uteruspostpart
polyhydramniosunspec
lung contusionclosed
pyrophosph crystpelvis
examination nos
sweating fever
chronic laryngitis
adenoviral pneumonia
pulm complicatantepart
descemetocele
lockedin state
submers necpassenger
urethritis nos
assaulthanging/strangul
lactation faildelivered
striae atrophicae
splenic sequestration
personal bathing/shower
sprain metacarpophalang
basketball
epilepsyantepartum
flatul/eructat/gas pain
hxseafood allergy
bmi adult
mvtrain colldriver
lagophthalmos nos
pathol dislocatl/leg
amebiasis nos
dysthymic disorder
chronic adenoiditis
fetal hematologicante
infectious mononucleosis
appendicitis nos
exercise counseling
nephritis nos
kwashiorkor
glaucoma nec
family hxdeafness
trypanosomiasis meningit
pseudomonal pneumonia
traum pneumothoraxopen
orbital osteomyelitis
polio osteopathyl/leg
lichen planus
excessive attritionpulp
cowpox
vernal conjunctivitis
syphilitic meningitis
cholecystitis nos
activity nos
postvaricella myelitis
breast replacement
laundry
laryngeal spasm
dyschromia unspecified
malaria nec
prurigo
walkingmarchinghiking
ac osteomyelitisl/leg
rubellaantepartum
hepatorenal syndrome
rickets active
schizo necchr/exacerb
hemopericardium
bartonellosis
vitreous hemorrhage
chemotherapy convalescen
alopecia nos
balanoposthitis
instrumnt failinfusion
machine accidmining
glossopharyng neuralgia
syphilitic alopecia
hemorrhage nos
pancreas anomalies
fracture ischiumclosed
obstruction gallbladder
tourettes disorder
abnormal posture
abrasionenamel
bullous myringitis
hematospermia
paralytic ileus
congenital neutropenia
exammedicolegal reasons
myopathies nec
poisantineopl/immunosup
polyarthritis nosshlder
villonod synovitunspec
macrotia
abrasion finger
pediculosis nos
temporal sclerosis
encopresis
frisbee
evans syndrome
membranoprolif nephrosis
polio osteopathypelvis
phlegmon dacryocystitis
carrier nec
paranoid schizoremiss
leprosy nos
fundus coloboma
amphetamin dependepisod
trnspl statuspancreas
horseback riding
petrositis nos
epiphora nos
onchocerciasis
borderline leprosy
hypercarotinemia
poisoningsuccinimides
abdominal actinomycosis
hydrocele nos
opioid/other depcontin
vacmeaslemumpsrubella
recurrent iridocyclitis
erosion/ectropion cervix
cocaine dependremiss
autistic disordcurrent
subtrochanteric fxclose
constrictiv pericarditis
ac osteomyelitisankle
terrorismexplosions
hearing conservatn/trtmt
bmi  adult
neuromyelitis optica
diabetesantepartum
sprain radiocarpal
interstitial myositis
obstetric shockunspec
choroidal rupture
hypospadias
femoral epiphysiolysis
mvtrain collpasngr
boat submersdockers
poisoningblood product
amphetamine abusecontin
toxoplasm meningoenceph
giardiasis
sprain ulnohumeral
war injmortar
leptospirosis nos
hemodialysis testing
dacryops
rheumatoid lung
throat pain
vacuuming
observeabuse  neglect
murine typhus
retinal edema
cerebrospinal rhinorrhea
sublingual varices
diphtheritic peritonitis
perivent leukomalacia
senile delirium
breech presentatdeliver
gonadal dysgenesis
exophoria
radiation scoliosis
megacolon nec
mechanical lagophthalmos
chronic hypotension
cerebel lacerconcussion
toxoplasma hepatitis
tuberculosisdelivered
lacrimal mucocele
unemployment
trifascicular block
fertility testing
total ophthalmoplegia
hinfluenzae pneumonia
jaundice nos
hernia nec
schmorls nodelumbar
other vulvodynia
retina exudates/deposits
alcoholic cardiomyopathy
bmi adult
selective mutism
stomach injuryclosed
osteoarthros nosunspec
adrenogenital disorders
cutaneous candidiasis
fosterkennedy syndrome
locked twinsunspecified
syphilitic aortitis
chr laryngotracheitis
bmi adult
dissociative fugue
serous labyrinthitis
conjunctivitis nos
biliary cirrhosis
contact/exposure benzene
peripartum cardpostpart
hypotension nec
diaphragm injuryclosed
martial arts
geniculate ganglionitis
cyclic neutropenia
ntraf brd/alitpedest
congenital hydrocephalus
tinnitus nos
threatened abortdeliver
sebaceous cyst
herpetic vulvovaginitis
kidney lacerationopen
double pterygium
hallucinations
terrorismmarine weapons
rough housing/horseplay
osteomalacia nos
hirschsprungs disease
poisoninggamma globulin
kidney lacerationclosed
asy bacteriuriaantepart
probhead/neck/trunk nos
palindrom rheumup/arm
methemoglobinemia
wheelchair dependence
pectus excavatum
amputation toe
mrsa septicemia
spleen disruptionclos
necrotizing fasciitis
myotonic chondrodystrphy
precipitate laborantepa
bmi  adult
scarlet fever
deltabeta thalassemia
acquired hemophilia
renal/perirenal abscess
corneal ectasia
poisoningantidiarrh agt
dermatomycoses nec
excess attritiondentine
ami anterolateralsubseq
pure hyperglyceridemia
lepromatous leprosy
thyroid dysfuncpostpart
retractile testis
behcet arthritispelvis
myotonia congenita
acute dacryoadenitis
hxeggs allergy
dislocation patellaopen
unsocial aggressionmild
sterilization
volunteer activity
trypanosomiasis nos
infect nosantepartum
alpha thalassemia
shigellosis nos
schistosomiasis nec
ornithosis nos
hem nephrosonephritis
jt contractureunspec
mycoplasma
pathol dislocatunspec
nutritional marasmus
esophagostomy infection
abnorm vaginadelivered
protan defect
plasmacytoma nos
blister fingerinfected
placental polypunspec
syphilis nos
iniencephaly
iridoschisis
esophagus injuryopen
blister handinfected
mycotic arthritisankle
food/vomit pneumonitis
introverted dischild
candidal endocarditis
diplopia
seminal vesiculitis
acc poisonbarbiturates
viral arthritisl/leg
fx sacrum/coccyxopen
portal pyemia
chondrocalcin noshand
suppurativ labyrinthitis
madelungs deformity
macrocheilia
laryngeal cellulitis
extadural hemconcuss
esophagitis unspecified
radiotherapy convalescen
keratoconus nos
short corddelivered
peritoneal abscess
pneumococcal meningitis
galactorrheadelivered
sealpox
kleptomania
retinoph prematrstage 
brucella suis
opioid dependenceepisod
sparganosis
coxsackie pericarditis
allerg arthritisl/leg
bike riding
bubonic plague
regular astigmatism
retropharyngeal abscess
contracept mgmtemergncy
alphaantitrypsin def
internucl ophthalmopleg
pathol dislocatforearm
alcohol abuseunspec
eosinophilic meningitis
vitreomacular adhesion
cutaneous schistosoma
aggres periodontitisgen
congenital hydrocele
encephalopathy nos
refsums disease
amebiasis carrier
hypochondriasis
other pneumothorax
chronic prostatitis
lactation failpostpart
nevus nonneoplastic
depress psychosisunspec
fetal distressdelivered
shoulder dystociadeliv
postmeasles pneumonia
trichomonal prostatitis
ocular pemphigus
corticobasal degneration
transver/obliq liedeliv
hxtrophoblastic disease
vertical heterophoria
injurymoving object
ntraf board/alightpsgr
attn/concentrate deficit
calcaneal spur
depress psychosissevere
galactocele
subacute delirium
criduchat syndrome
bone donor
 eyesev/othblind nos
hebephreniachronic
choroideremia
salpingooophoritis nos
fx sacrum/coccyxclosed
explosive personality
jt contracturehand
toxoplasm conjunctivitis
catatoniaunspec
mycotic arthritisl/leg
biliary atresia
talipes nos
phthirus pubis
traum arthropathypelvis
candidal enteritis
accidntmech firearm/gun
oil/essence pneumonitis
somatization disorder
oral bisphosphonates
paranoid personality
sedhypanxiolytc abnos
ac osteomyelitismult
poisonantipsychotic nec
lobomycosis
infertilityanovulation
measles keratitis
malfunction iud
swimming
polyclon hypergammaglobu
acc poisonmethadone
angular blepharoconjunct
cystourethrocele
fx cuboidclosed
pathol dislocatankle
trichomoniasis nos
multiphasic screening
boxing
intest trichomoniasis
inadequate housing
postlaminect syndthorac
schizophrenia necremiss
psychiatric followup
hypertens encephalopathy
injurysubmersion
congenital diplegia
oculoglandular tularemia
traumatic anuria
gu infectionpostpartum
atheroembolismupper ext
ntraf brd/alightmocycl
incipient cataract
urethral fistula
dancing
traum arthropathyshlder
helminth arthritunspec
malposition necdeliver
injuryhunting rifle
villonod synovitforearm
fetal hematologicdeliv
primary hyperparathyroid
corneal staphyloma
hypertrophy adenoids
pernicious anemia
disproportion necunspec
lymphadenitis nos
adhesion tymppromontor
cervicalgia
poisanticonvul nec/nos
poisoningmixed vaccine
dysarthria
colosty/enter compmech
poisoninganthelmintics
kaschinbeck dishand
mv brd/alightpedestrian
noise effectear/nos
screenneuro condition
rectum injuryopen
conjunctiva pigmentation
boat submersswimmer
congenital nystagmus
helminthiasis nec
supernumerary teeth
osteomyelitis nosshlder
arthropathy necankle
acute bronchitis
convergenc insufficiency
erosionenamel
hemangioma intraabdom
heterophoria nos
arteritis nos
subacute thyroiditis
wegeners granulomatosis
terrorism chemicals
fetopelv dispropordeliv
allergic rhinitisfood
poisonsmallpox vaccine
chronic lymphadenitis
nonparalyt poliotype 
orthodontics aftercare
dependsupplement oxygen
prostatocystitis
endocarditis nos
metatarsus varus
metabolic encephalopathy
dysphagiapharyngoesoph
cauliflower ear
conjunctival diphtheria
excessive tuberosityjaw
chron periodontitisgen
cracked tooth
herpetic encephalitis
hebephrensubchr/exacerb
pasteurellosis
polyarthrit nosforearm
fx trimalleolarclosed
cerv incompetpostpartum
graftversushost nos
cellulocutaneous plague
ntraf board/alightdriv
schistosoma japonicum
poisoningparaldehyde
colosty/enterost infectn
idiopathic urticaria
uterus injuryopen
rheumatic myocarditis
abnormal vulvapostpart
cannabis dependremiss
endomyocardial fibrosis
historypreterm labor
immunotherapy encounter
machinery accdocker
reactcardiac dev/graft
acute laryngopharyngitis
infect nipplepostpartum
waterskiing accident
chondrocalcin nosmult
arizona enteritis
thromboangiit obliterans
equatorial staphyloma
hepatopulmonary syndrome
cocaine dependepisodic
military activity
tongue tie
screenbronch/emphysema
anisocoria
hxanalgesic allergy
poisoningdiuretics nec
severe preeclampdeliver
recur dislocatl/leg
sprain interphalangeal
palindrom rheumhand
pulmonary tularemia
poisonhair/scalp prep
meckels diverticulum
poispurine diuretics
polio osteopathyunspec
jt contractureshlder
poisoningmethadone
pyogen arthritishand
elderly primigravidunsp
glycogenosis
helminth arthritankle
osteoarthros noshand
dispropor necantepartum
intestinovesical fistula
ankylosisupper/arm
climbrappelljump off
other pancytopenia
tuberculosispostpartum
autistic disordresidual
assaultmilitary weapon
path resorptioninternal
bicipital tenosynovitis
paravaccinia nos
hemangioma nos
lipoma nec
trichuriasis
tb encephalitisunspec
pupillary abnormalities
w/crftmilitary nec/nos
nonrunning track/field
schizophrenia necchr
fetalmaternal hemdeliv
monofixation syndrome
central pterygium
hypertropia
toxocariasis
ltfordates g
obstetric shockdeliver
variola major
bancroftian filariasis
childhd disintegractive
friedreichs ataxia
heart complicantepart
ltfordates g
vaginitis nos
burn larynx/trachea/lung
pediculus corporis
cholinergic urticaria
pinguecula
amniotic infectionunsp
cataract nec
eosinophilic esophagitis
poisoninghalothane
dislocat sternumclosed
joint effusionankle
flail chest
poisantimycobac antibio
family hxarthritis
abrasion headinfected
war injurylasers
periostitismult
hypopyon ulcer
trichomonal urethritis
springboard/platfrm dive
thyroiditis nos
renal osteodystrophy
gu infectionantepartum
blister nec
hemolytic hemoglobinuria
spina bifidalumbar
enterobiasis
poisoncorrosiv/caustic
hebephreniasubchronic
hemangioma intracranial
fetal distressantepart
undeterm circsubmersion
orbital myositis
mild/nos preeclampantep
nocturia
peripart cardiomyunspec
thrombophlebitis migrans
presbyacusis
septic shock
multiparity
poisoningmethaqualone
undetermin circshotgun
early satiety
endocard fibroelastosis
chorioretinitis nos
poisongas/vapor nos
coagulation defpostpart
dislocation ankleopen
retinoph prematrstage 
adhesion tympanumstapes
hydroceph fetusantepart
hemicrania continua
adult neglectnutrition
aircrft accparachutist
uterovag prolapsincompl
opioid/other depremiss
intertrochanteric fxcl
shigella sonnei
sedhypanxiolyt deprem
jaw pain
gallstone ileus
ventilation pneumonit
mycotic arthritishand
gangosa
thalassemia nec
chronic canaliculitis
mental disorderpostpart
joint effusionpelvis
one eyetotal/othunknwn
sprain subscapularis
ehlersdanlos syndrome
keratitis nec
otalgia nos
apnea
blepharophimosis
antisocial personality
bladder/urethra injclos
joint painshlder
chronic myringitis
neonatal neutropenia
postmastoid cholesteatma
shyness disorderchild
locked twinsantepartum
behcet arthritisup/arm
postterm infant
tk off/landspcrft
prolonged pregantepar
breathing exercises
kidney donor
acute endophthalmitis
epilepsypostpartum
osteochondropathy nec
psychogenic vaginismus
functional quadriplegia
ironing
presenile delirium
assaultcorrosiv/caust
microtia
gastrostomy infection
gastroparesis
nodular episcleritis
cysticercosis
tibialis tendinitis
catatoniachronic
gingival recesssevere
convalescence nec
brucellosis nos
macular puckering
meningococc pericarditis
atrophy mandiblesevere
iridocyclitis nos
twin gestmonochr/monoam
ice hockey
meconium obstruction
excessive spacingteeth
undescended testis
dermatographic urticaria
subtrochanteric fxopen
ventricular flutter
cracked nipplepostpart
cardiomegaly
gonorrheaantepartum
severe sepsis
cervicitis
trichilemmal cyst
anesth complantepartum
cataract nos
dislocat sacrumopen
trigonitis
overweight
strabismic amblyopia
obstruc/fet malposantep
dieulafoy lesstomduod
acq spondylolisthesis
painful respiration
steroid responders
intermittnt exophthalmos
simple microphthalmos
spotted fevers
legal interventfirearm
abnormal sputum
eosinophilia
glucocorticoid deficient
amphetamine abuseepisod
kaschinbeck dismult
limbar keratoconjunctiv
joint effusionshlder
marfan syndrome
acc poisonantibiotics
falciparum malaria
bullous retinoschisis
traum pneumothoraxclose
poisonantidepresnt nos
portal hypertension
tropical pyomyositis
threaten abortantepart
blister trunkinfected
hydroceph fetusdeliver
lymphosarcoma mult
sprain nec
palindrom rheumshlder
vulvar vestibulitis
velocardiofacial synd
dipetalonemiasis
obesitypostpartum
meningitis nos
hemoglobinopathies nec
paraphrenia
ocular hypertension
activity nec
talipes valgus
telogen effluvium
iv bisphosphonates
congenital hemiplegia
tb skin/subcutanunspec
peyronies disease
hydroureter
enophthalmos nos
contact/exposure mold
gas gangrene
coccidioidomycosis nos
scabies
mv board/alightmotcycl
poiscorticosteroids
amyloidosis nos
diphtheria carrier
tetany
infertilityuterine orig
nephritis nec
orchitis/epididymit nec
trigeminal neuralgia
rosacea
sedhypanxiolyt depnos
behcet arthritisforearm
inclusion conjunctivitis
congenital monoplegia
cord prolapsedelivered
muscle weaknessgeneral
pseudocowpox
drug dependencedeliver
pupillary membranes
spottingunspecified
thoracic spondylosis
machinery accidentcrew
septicemia nec
acidosis
sprain sacrospinatus
dyspareunia
presenile delusion
puerp endometritisunsp
chr osteomyelitl/leg
acute dacryocystitis
primary iridocyclitis
poisonlipotropic drugs
uterine tumordelivered
anorexia nervosa
malposition nosantepart
wrist drop
atrial flutter
retrovert uterusdeliver
back contusion
poisoningsulfonamides
genu varum
poisoningcardiotonics
ornithosis pneumonia
boutonneuse fever
ac osteomyelitisshlder
multiple nb/sbnonhosp
monoplegia nos
pseudobulbar affect
cerebral atherosclerosis
laser exposure
accidcaustic substance
lat schizosubchr/exacer
priapism
external ophthalmoplegia
reverse articulation
nasopharynx diphtheria
traumatic spondylopathy
bunion
pathol dislocatup/arm
mixed malaria
traum arthropathyhand
whipples disease
congenital ptosis
abn electroencephalogram
prickly heat
ureter injuryclosed
war injflamethrower
residential relocation
coxsackie myocarditis
labyrinthitis nos
gastric diverticulum
bact arthritisankle
prolonged pregdel
osteomyelitis nosup/arm
anal spasm
iud surveillance
scanty menstruation
toxoplasma myocarditis
fall nec
postinfectious myelitis
monoarthritis nosup/arm
unsocial aggresssevere
mammographic microcalcif
bordetella parapertussis
schizo nossubchr/exacer
black piedra
herpetic septicemia
typhus nos
loose bodyhand
hyperlipidemia nec/nos
arthropathy nosankle
dermatochalasis
sprain coracohumeral
abnorm vaginaantepartum
concussiondeep coma
pediculus capitis
monocytosissymptomatic
cerebral cysts
abn findingssemen
hxnarcotic allergy
screenisoimmunization
osteomyelitis noshand
bmipediatric  
poisongas/vapor nec
osteochondropathy nos
palpitations
schizophrenia necunspec
dental examination
varicose vulvaantepart
subarachnoid hemorrhage
claw toe
acne varioliformis
threatened abortunspec
common ventricle
poisarsenic antiinfec
ring staphyloma
heat exhaustanhydrotic
lightfordates wtnos
pica
pneumococcal pneumonia
cyclophoria
cong hypogammaglobulinem
osteodystrophy nec
family hxblindness
cancrum oris
pityriasis versicolor
poisoningmeasles vaccin
kyphosis nec
other anaerobes
hypervitaminosis d
reiter arthritisunspec
polio osteopathyforearm
machine accidagricult
tackle football
assaultgasoline bomb
poisonoxazolidine deriv
gastrostomy status
screencontamination nec
indeterminate leprosy
endometriosis nec
vaginismus
hxthrombophlebitis
hyperparathyroidism nec
antidepress abusecontin
neurogenic bowel
hemododialysis hypotensn
pneumonia anaerobes
abnorm vaginapostpartum
paralysis nos
bandemia
quadruplet pregantepart
tracheostomy infection
asthma nos
orbital cysts
uterine endometriosis
poistyph/paratyph vacc
prostatitis nos
peritoneal effusion
leucocoria
chondromalacia
free weights
hyperacusis
helminth arthritshlder
anthrax nos
hebephreniaunspec
encephalopathy nec
disloc midtarsalopen
essntial thrombocythemia
myelopathy nec
burn nos
condyloma acuminatum
spondylolisthesis
pelvic hematomapostpart
fat embolism
abrasion fingerinfected
bulimia nervosa
machine accidentskier
cubitus valgus
bmi adult
microcheilia
w/crft machinemilitary
fallparachutist
quartan malaria
rheumatoid arthritis
circuit training
injurymilitary firearm
neonatal dehydration
bact arthritisl/leg
elderly multigravidauns
lymphosarcoma spleen
jt contractureup/arm
retract nippleantepart
hyperestrogenism
typhoid carrier
vestibular neuronitis
villonod synovithand
tb pleurisyunspec
genetic counseling
monoclon paraproteinemia
senile entropion
chronic tonsillitis
persistent insomnia
senile osteoporosis
nephroptosis
assaulthandgun
neurosyphilis nec
psychomotor deficit
diplacusis
nb kernicterusisoimmun
exudative retinopathy
premenstrual tension
poiscoronary vasodilat
varicella contact/exp
kyphosis nos
incomplete defecation
poisnerve/plexblk anes
tetanus neonatorum
pilar cyst
preglaucoma nos
hxcong malformdigest
unstable liedelivered
traum arthropathyankle
obstetric shockpostpart
compensatory emphysema
cardiogenic shock
undeterm poisanalgesics
reflux esophagitis
acute lymphadenitis
thirdstage hemunspec
congenital pneumonia
inlet contractiondeliv
cholera contact
diabetic cataract
voyeurism
cervical agenesis
poisonvasodilator nec
assaultcriminal neglect
schizophren dischronic
pathol dislocatshlder
basophilia
panuveitis
schizophr dischr/exacer
umbilical hernia
hemorrhoids nos
hypernasality
nausea alone
osteopetrosis
tenosynovitis foot/ankle
ankylosisunspec
no vaccinationreligion
dacryoadenitis nos
abrasion nec
obstruc/fet malposdeliv
villonod synovitl/leg
ulcerative proctitis
folatedeficiency anemia
poisonopiate antagonist
knife/sword/dagger acc
dislocation jawopen
thalassemia minor
consanguinity
schizoafftv dischr/exac
one eyeprfound/othunkn
pseudopolyposis colon
mathematics disorder
aphasia
dislocation jawclosed
syndactyly multiple/nos
chancroid
histoplasmosis meningit
balantidiasis
achromatopsia
cholelithiasis nos
diphtheritic cystitis
polymyositis
xanthelasma
educational circumstance
irregular menstruation
interstitial emphysema
blepharochalasis
cutaneous diphtheria
abnorm electrooculogram
rhinosporidiosis
dislocation sternumopen
asphyxia
epimembranous nephritis
hxcong malformgu
molluscum contagiosum
single livebornnonhosp
reyes syndrome
vulvodynia nos
mechanical ectropion
mucositis cervvagvulva
bullous keratopathy
scleral ectasia
cutaneousvesicos status
macrostomia
hornet/wasp/bee sting
intracranial abscess
capsular cataract
ehrlichiosis chafeensis
amniotic embolismunspec
one eyeprofound/othnos
astigmatism nos
lichen nec
trans arthropathymult
rappelling
moyamoya disease
alcoholic polyneuropathy
takayasus disease
posttraumatic seroma
frostbite nec/nos
diphyllobothrias intest
mild/nos preeclampunsp
meningococcemia
liver hematom/contusopn
generalizd hyperhidrosis
asy bacteriuriapostpart
injuryburn fire
dermatitis nos
glossitis
exces interoccluslteeth
leishmaniasis nos
face/brow presantepart
abnormal reflex
sclerosing keratitis
suppr lactationunspec
urethral discharge
sprain chondrosternal
erysipelas
postabortion shock
periostitisforearm
heartburn
drusen degenerative
sympathetic uveitis
hemoptysis nec
exhibitionism
primary coccidioidomycos
hxallergy nec
barretts esophagus
other dyschromia
loose bodyforearm
intestinal abscess
aortocoronary bypass
traumatic shock
ariboflavinosis
infect nosdelivered
parasitic conjunctivitis
pulmonary eosinophilia
pregnancy testpositive
screenrickettsial dis
asym bacteriuriadeliver
ankylosing spondylitis
acc poisonfumigants
postnasal drip
hyponasality
patellar tendinitis
otosclerosis nos
dwarfism nec
trans hypertendelivered
poisoningthyroid/deriv
toxic erythema
vasectomy status
hemophilus meningitis
cerebral lipidoses
injuryjump nec
sialoadenitis
blister head
urinary frequency
obstacle course
concussionprolong coma
lacrossefield hockey
streptococcal septicemia
lymphosarcoma head
neonatal tachycardia
screenthyroid disorder
injurystrang/suff nos
herpetic gingivostomat
tb epididymisunspec
scoliosis nec
polydactyly toes
lipoprotein deficiencies
bmi adult
poisonsympathomimetics
chondrocalcin nosl/leg
huntingtons chorea
stomach injuryopen
extradural hemconcuss
lyme disease
disloc midtarsalclosed
conjunctival edema
reactive confusion
chr osteomyelitisunsp
contact/exposureanthrax
tympnosclertymp/ossicle
epistaxis
cervicobrachial syndrome
exhaustionexposure
poisondrug/medicin nec
subdural hemorrhage
trnspl statusintestines
racquet/hand sports
genu valgum
talipes varus
screenrheumatoid arthr
poislocal antiinfect
menstrual extraction
thrombophlebitantepart
convulsions nec
plica syndrome
secondary parkinsonism
cutaneous actinomycosis
persistent vomiting
ascvd
mumps pancreatitis
dietary surveil/counsel
abrasion foot/toeinfec
assaultshotgun
neurotroph keratoconjunc
brucella canis
alexia
aphonia
iodine hypothyroidism
histoplasmosis pericard
dermatomyositis
osteomyelitis nosunspec
eclampsiadelivered
liver hematoma/contusion
helminth arthritforearm
transsexualism asexual
fetopelv dispropunspec
sprain carpal
thrombot microangiopathy
genu recurvatum
abrasion trunkinfected
osteoarthros nosankle
tremor nec
otorrhea nos
phacolytic glaucoma
hallux rigidus
pyogen arthritisforearm
intestinal endometriosis
neonatal bradycardia
poisoningantibiotic nec
vacctyphoidparatyphoid
heparinindu thrombocyto
rickettsialpox
hxallergy insct/arachnd
abnorm electrocardiogram
ankylosisankle
spina bifidadorsal
multisystem toxoplasmos
twin gestmonochr/diamni
dacryolith
injurynos
villonod synovitup/arm
felon
eclampsiaantepartum
fx cuboidopen
puberty
hereditary spherocytosis
hypoglycemic coma
joint painhand
caregivinglifting
deliversingle stillborn
tb laryngitisunspec
undeterm circscald
toxic myopathy
tropical sprue
monocular esotropia
sprain ischiocapsular
syphilitic myocarditis
dysenter arthrithand
hantavirus infection
puerperal pyrexiaunspec
mastitispostpartum
asslttransport vehicle
gonococcal bursitis
nezelofs syndrome
lumbago
behcets syndrome
disl metacarpophalanopn
radiotherapy encounter
staphylococc meningitis
chronic dacryocystitis
brills disease
mumps meningitis
paralysis agitans
anterior synechiae
toxic labyrinthitis
fetalmatern hemantepar
schizophrenic dissubchr
blindness/low vision
simple goiter
myopia
cicatricial lagophthalm
acc poisoncholinergics
rectal prolapse
viral arthritisunspec
retrobulbar neuritis
dislocat metacarpalopen
disrupt perineumpostpar
encephalocele
counseling nos
lupus erythematosus
arthropathy nosup/arm
acute pancreatitis
werdnighoffmann disease
tanapox
flushing
cyclothymic disorder
perineocele
moorens ulcer
hypothermia
periostitisl/leg
plantar wart
arthropathy nosforearm
micropenis
necator americanus
bronchitis nos
helminth arthritpelvis
leukodystrophy
abnorm electromyogram
joint effusionl/leg
blepharospasm
hypopigmentation lid
arthrodesis status
hxtracheal malignancy
appendix injuryopen
pyoderma gangrenosum
multiple sclerosis
thyroid dysfuncdeliver
esophageal hemorrhage
parapsoriasis
colles fractureclosed
congenital aphakia
encysted hydrocele
metrorrhagia
spottingdelivered
retinoschisis nos
cannabis dependunspec
screencardiovasc nec
roller skateskateboard
overanxious disorder
california encephalitis
cong deformityclavicle
photokeratitis
cocaine dependunspec
presbyopia
erosionpulp
jt contractureankle
chyluria
fussy infant/baby
overflow incontinence
gonococcal endocarditis
toxoplasmosis nos
transvestic fetishism
watercraft explosskier
gross hematuria
poisvaccine/biolog nec
cheynestokes respiratn
arthropathy nospelvis
dysphagia pharyngeal
tk off/landparachutist
debility nos
elderly multigravidadel
dislocation necopen
anodontia
fx bimalleolarclosed
keratoconjunctivitis nos
sicca syndrome
pemphigoid
retrolental fibroplasia
renal glycosuria
poisoningopiates nec
dysenter arthritl/leg
odontoclasia
abrasion shldr/arminfec
chr osteomyelitshlder
poisonagricult agent
emphysematous bleb
glaucomatous flecks
phthisical cornea
preauricular cyst
algoneurodystrophy
myopathy nos
idiopathic cysts
postlaminectomy kyphosis
bandshaped keratopathy
pulm congest/hypostasis
renal hypertenpostpart
postabortion embolism
palindrom rheumpelvis
meralgia paresthetica
septicemia nos
poisoningopium nos
poisparasympathomimetic
acute thyroiditis
diaphragmatic hernia
precipitate laborunspec
hyperventilation
kaschinbeck disforearm
craniorachischisis
compunsp device/graft
fx metatarsalopen
hypnic headache
triplet pregnancydeliv
punctate keratitis
full incontinencefeces
gonococcal peritonitis
postlaminect syndlumbar
malocclusion nos
water polo
contamination nos
injuryaircraft crash
hxcervical malignancy
heterophyiasis
part detachdialysis
fallnonmotor scooter
deficiencies neck/trunk
missed abortion
cocaine abuseepisodic
alkalosis
maternal distressdeliv
leukocytopenia nos
cervical shorteningunsp
nocturnal enuresis
poisonpsychotropic nos
pancreatic steatorrhea
acc poisonberries/seeds
poisonsedat/hypnotic
pityriasis rosea
poisoningpenicillins
joint painl/leg
screenendoc/nut/met nec
syphilitic parkinsonism
poisoningvitamins nec
tularemia nos
rabies contact
achilles tendinitis
diabetes insipidus
pyogen arthritisankle
bladder/urethra injopen
short stature
paralytic ptosis
anaerobic septicemia
tb pneumothoraxunspec
birdfanciers lung
diving accident
bmi adult
appendix injuryclosed
depress psychosismild
developmental dyslexia
hebephreniachr/exacerb
ureter injuryopen
dysphagia oropharyngeal
bungee jumping
arthropathy nosmult
aniridia
adenoviral meningitis
blister trunk
chilblains
helicobacter pylori
other vdpostpartum
goodpastures syndrome
bact arthritispelvis
myoglobinuria
osteoarthrosismult site
phlycten keratoconjunct
poisoninganaleptics
vitiligo
chr osteomyelitmult
routine circumcision
cerebrovasc dispostpart
acute canaliculitis
anhidrosis
epispadias
accessory auricle
bronchus injuryclosed
anorexia
intraspinal abscess
hxcontct/expos asbestos
disproportion nosdeliv
eclampsiaunspecified
ltfordates g
arthropathy necl/leg
villonod synovitankle
tickborne fever
myotonic cataract
bone disorderpostpartum
pressure ulcerunstagebl
unicornuate uterus
erythromelalgia
ovulation bleeding
polio osteopathyup/arm
septicemic plague
cerebrovascular anomaly
varnt creutzfeldtjakob
glanders
streptococcus unspecf
simple schizophrenchr
polydactyly nos
acc poisoncosmetics
osteopoikilosis
poisonantithyroid agent
maxillary hyperplasia
ichthyosis congenita
disloc metacarpophalncl
screencystic fibrosis
fetal/neonatal hepatitis
autonomic dysreflexia
cachexia
septate uterus
acc poisonfreon
tularemia nec
one eyemoderate/othtot
polio osteopathyankle
pathological gambling
fetishism
ophthalmia nodosa
screen  osteoporosis
hxbronchogenic malignan
delirium tremens
schmorls nodethoracic
alastrim
bilious emesis
mastocytoma nos
paran schizosubchr/exac
disloc carpometacarpopn
cholesterin granuloma
chondrocalc nosforearm
malariapostpartum
postmenopausal bleeding
puerperl sepsispostpart
trichinosis
ac osteomyelitisup/arm
scleromalacia perforans
recur dislocatpelvis
zygomatic hyperplasia
klinefelters syndrome
behcet arthritisl/leg
latent yaws
acc poisoningarsenic
prolapsed armdelivered
chemotherapy followup
acc poisnsympatholytics
assault nos
anemiadelivered
diarrhea
inconclusive mammogram
anisakiasis
ankylosis malleus
diphtheria nos
brawny scleritis
cushings syndrome
bmi  adult
mental disorderantepart
base jumping
atrial fibrillation
sedhypanxiolyt depepi
broken toothcomplicated
hemophthalmos
fecal urgency
screeningarbovirus dis
viral arthritispelvis
hysteria nos
dmac bacteremia
staphylococcus unspcfied
incisional hernia
radiation gastroenterit
undeter poisarsenic
impulsiveness
fracture nosclosed
anemia nec
dislocation necclosed
hxepididymis malignancy
orbital edema
gonococcal synovitis
scorpion sting
microdeletions nec
benign hypertension
chondrocalcin nospelvis
periostitisankle
glucrtcodrem aldsternsm
pseudomemb conjunctivit
sev preeclampantepartum
neuralgia/neuritis nos
acchypodermic needle
obstructiv hydrocephalus
osteodystrophy nos
poisoningantipruritics
viral arthritishand
conjunctival concretions
atheroembolism kidney
ascites nec
latent nystagmus
screenfetal retardation
obesitydelivered
bmi adult
coagulation defdeliv
arthropathy nosshlder
ureteral fistula
recur dislocatforearm
poisdiphtheria vaccine
social maladjustment
orbital periostitis
chronic rhinitis
diggingshovelrake
hematometra
gonococcal endophthalmia
vertigo
constipation nec
buphthalmos nos
fracture acetabulumopen
dysphagia nec
tetanic cataract
viremia nos
shotgun accident
postural proteinuria
gonococcal spondylitis
hypothyroidism nos
schizophrenia nosunspec
suppr lactationantepar
generalized vaccinia
ovale malaria
hydatidiform mole
persist occipitpostunsp
cavein nos
fasciitis nos
poisquinoline/hydroxyqu
conjunctivochalasis
chronic nasopharyngitis
myocarditis nos
shoulder dystociaunspec
conjoined twins
opioid/other depepisod
trans arthropathyshlder
hyposmolality
lichen nitidus
lichenification
catatoniasubchronic
indeterminate sex
toxic cataract
deprivation amblyopia
twin nosnonhosp
periostitisshlder
poisantiparkinson drug
dispropor nosantepartum
unsocial aggressunspec
cholera nos
wrestling
twin pregnancyunspec
dermatoglyphic anomalies
loose bodyshlder
pyelonephritis nos
rubella uncomplicated
depressive psychosismod
acc poisonglutethimide
grand multiparityunspec
atrophy maxillaminimal
cryptococcal meningitis
polio osteopathyshlder
syphilitic episcleritis
dissociated nystagmus
paraproteinemia nec
poisoninganticoagulants
skisnow brdsledtobagn
poisoningemetics
hypertroph osteoarthrop
vascular hamartomas
heat edema
choledochlith/ac gbobst
kidney hematomaclosed
schizoph residchro/exac
iridodialysis
poisonalcohol deterrent
salmonella pneumonia
abn glucosepostpartum
observaccident nec
digeorges syndrome
gonorrheapostpartum
joint painpelvis
ulcerative ileocolitis
plasmacytosis
acc poisonacids
mild/nos preeclampdeliv
infect nippleantepartum
pyrophosph crystshlder
papyraceous fetusunspec
papyraceous fetantepar
chronic endophthalmitis
abrasion head
breast abscessdelivered
erosiondentine
neonatal conjunctivitis
biliuria
scrotal transposition
poismercurial diuretics
puerp endometpostpart
retrovirus unspecified
yoga
poiselectro/cal/wat agt
anencephalus
modified smallpox
posterior scleritis
orbital tenonitis
hemivertebra
pseudoexfoliat glaucoma
family hxleukemia
proteus enteritis
paran schizochr/exacerb
viral arthritismult
cervical shorteningante
elder primigravidantepa
circumscri labyrinthitis
brain death
bagassosis
prev cdeliveryantepart
laryngeal diphtheria
salmonella enteritis
trench fever
climact arthritisl/leg
pseudotumor cerebri
undetermin circhandgun
passiveaggressiv person
chest swelling/mass/lump
other appendicitis
dyspareuniapsychogenic
school recesscamp
behcet arthritisankle
unattended death
urticaria nec
dysenter arthritmult
prophylact immunotherapy
retinoph prematrstage 
keloid scar
allerg arthritismult
hallucinog abuseunspec
louping ill
hypoglycemia nos
poisphenothiazine tranq
coagulation defantepart
urethral caruncle
uterus injuryclosed
spinal enthesopathy
otogenic pain
hemangioma retina
injurynec
zygomatic hypoplasia
pyogen arthritisl/leg
blepharitis nos
staphyloma posticum
sprain lumbosacral
disloc acromioclavicopn
stomatitis/mucositis nos
opportunistic mycoses
sclerema neonatorum
central scotoma
abn reactradiotherapy
vaginal hematoma
schilders disease
malposition necunspec
trampoline
schistosoma mansoni
identity disorder
lat schizophrensubchr
disrupt csectpostpart
transient hypersomnia
coxsackie endocarditis
bmi adult
mycotic arthritforearm
atrophy maxillamoderate
elderly multigravdantep
myelofibrosis
poisondrug/medicin nos
phenylketonuria  pku
behcet arthritishand
cardiac arrest
paranoid schizosubchr
diastematomyelia
hebephreniaremission
one eyemod/othprofound
situs inversus
foxfordyce disease
gonococcal meningitis
hemarthrosisankle
meningococc myocarditis
heredit elliptocytosis
psychogenic dysmenorrhea
dermatitis factitia
omphalocele
angina decubitus
poispertussis vaccine
postmeasles encephalitis
malposition nosunspec
cervicocranial syndrome
statuspost ptca
polycythemia vera
injuryextreme cold
locked twinsdelivered
heart complicpostpart
bact arthritisshlder
elderly primigravidadel
reiter arthritisshlder
other staphylococcus
ankylosismult joints
meningismus
screeningyellow fever
gonococcal arthritis
latent schizophrenchr
polyarthritis nosl/leg
acute tonsillitis
acc poisonmethaqualone
cerebell contusconcuss
heteronymous hemianopsia
abnormal vulvadelivered
climact arthritishand
schistosomiasis nos
sporotrichosis
vasa previadelivered
boat submersmilitary
lymphangitis
hxhodgkins disease
microglossia
monoarthritis nosankle
poisoningantiviral drug
paracoccidioidomycosis
profound impair/normal
prolapsed armantepart
chr osteomyelitpelvis
hxblood diseases
acc poisonmeat
one eyetotal/othnormal
shigella boydii
orchitis/epididymit nos
osteoarthros nosl/leg
neonatal hypoglycemia
stridor
obstetric shockantepar
spinal stenosisthoracic
lensinduced iridocyclit
poisonfibrinolysis agnt
orbital granuloma
hematuria nos
lichen nos
climact arthritisup/arm
gout nos
communicat hydrocephalus
ankylosisshoulder
exotropia nos
polio osteopathymult
hallucinog abuseepisod
poisonpsychotropic nec
erythema nodosum
gymnastics
acc poisonpolishes
injuryhanging
traum arthropathymult
poisoningtetanus vaccin
actinic keratosis
esophagus injuryclosed
lattice degeneration
beta thalassemia
matern hypotenspostpart
osteomyelitis nosmult
infertilitytubal origin
retinal vasculitis
kayserfleischer ring
tympanosclerosis nos
postvaricella encephalit
sarcoidosis
melioidosis
trans hypertenantepart
cortical/zonular catarac
gonococcal pericarditis
cor biloculare
poisoninghallucinogens
oligohydramniosunspec
pyrophosph crystankle
acc poisonglues
acc poisoninglead
bmipediatric 
glaucoma nos
vaginal enterocele
cva
neurofibromatosis nos
anterior scleritis
ascariasis
underweight
microcephalus
pyoderma nec
ami inferolateralunspec
allergic purpura
cerebral arteritis
